# Modifying Autoencoder for Colorful Artwork

In this homework project, we modify an autoencoder to generate colorful artwork instead of grayscale. We use the CIFAR-10 dataset, which consists of 60,000 32x32 color images in 10 classes. By adjusting the input and output shapes of the autoencoder and using convolutional layers, we can handle color images and generate colorful artwork.

## Overview

We start by loading the CIFAR-10 dataset and normalizing the pixel values to the range [0, 1]. Then, we define an autoencoder model specifically designed for color images. The model consists of convolutional and transpose convolutional layers for encoding and decoding the images. We compile the model with mean squared error loss and train it on the CIFAR-10 dataset.

## Concepts Covered

- Convolutional autoencoders
- Image processing with convolutional layers
- Color image generation
- Model training with color data

## Required Libraries

- TensorFlow
- Matplotlib

## Setup

1. Install the required libraries using pip:
    ```
    pip install tensorflow matplotlib
    ```

2. Download the project files:
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/your/repository.git
    ```

3. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```
    cd modifying_autoencoder_for_colorful_artwork
    ```

## How to Run

1. Open the `modifying_autoencoder_for_colorful_artwork.py` file in your preferred Python IDE or text editor.

2. Run the script. This will train the modified autoencoder model and generate colorful artwork.

## Results

After running the script, you will see a grid of generated colorful artwork images. Each image is a new creation generated by the trained autoencoder model.


