# Creating Artwork with Autoencoders

This project demonstrates how to use autoencoders to generate artwork. Autoencoders are a type of artificial neural network used for unsupervised learning. They work by compressing the input data into a lower-dimensional representation (encoder) and then reconstructing the original data from this representation (decoder). By training an autoencoder on a dataset of images, we can generate new images that resemble the training data.

## Overview

In this project, we use the Fashion MNIST dataset, which consists of grayscale images of fashion items. We build an autoencoder model using TensorFlow/Keras to learn the underlying patterns in the images. Once trained, the autoencoder can generate new images that resemble the fashion items in the dataset.

## Concepts Covered

- Autoencoders
- Neural network architecture
- Model training
- Image generation

## Required Libraries

- TensorFlow
- Matplotlib

## Setup

1. Install the required libraries using pip:
    ```
    pip install tensorflow matplotlib
    ```

2. Download the project files:
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/your/repository.git
    ```

3. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```
    cd creating_artwork_with_autoencoders
    ```

## How to Run

1. Open the `creating_artwork_with_autoencoders.py` file in your preferred Python IDE or text editor.

2. Run the script. This will train the autoencoder model and generate new artwork.

## Results

After running the script, you will see a grid of generated artwork images. Each image is a new creation generated by the trained autoencoder model.


